# Turing Gamez
An experimental game that using an NLP engine to see if the user can find the difference between real, said language and words generated by a random language model. Administered by Alan Turing himself.

# Game Modes:
The game features 4 game modes:
1)**Mad Libs** - This game version takes in a specified text and hilariously replaces the words, based on a given level of "ridiculousness"

2)**Guess the Text** - Based on the level, returns a specified text (song, wikipedia entry, etc...) and several modified versions, the user must guess the original.

3)**How Well Do You Know Your Favorite Song?** - Certain words within your favorite song are replaced, and you must guess which words these are

4)**Which Wikipedia Article Was this?** - Given a Wikipedia starting entry and a random number of "neighbors", the game clicks on a certain amount of random links based on the neighbors the user has specified. Then, based on the difficulty level, it modifies the wikipedia article by a certain number of words, and the user must guess the topic of the original entry**
 
# Text Types:
The first 2 games each allow the choice between 3 styles of text:
1) A famous quote, chosen randomly from our own database
2) A song of your choice
3) A wikipedia article, with the original topic and number of neighbors both at the discretion of the user

# Game Difficulty:
The game is administered on 4 levels, -1 through 3. At level -1, you can expect the language model to make fairly obvious mistakes. At level 3, you might not even be able to tell the difference!

# Scoring:
For every answer you get correct, you are given a point. For every answer you get incorrect, you lose one. The points are accumulated throughout the duration that the game is run.

Good luck!

